Why is he still here?
You're not asking me to go out and spy on me, are you?
Is it gone forever from now on?
President, are you still there?
You are welcome to eat before leaving.
Ah.
I am in my own home
I also need you to welcome me.
Master, prenatal education is popular now
You will come more often to accompany Miss Qiao and the children in the future
Do more prenatal education
Don't move
Don't come if you can
Hidden suspicion
While making Mrs. Liu an apprentice
If you talk too much
Well, of course potatoes are delicious?
No, it hasn't been delivered yet. Hmm.
It tastes better than you can imagine.
Going to Luo Wutong next month
Can you eat it every day?
These are all jewelry designed by myself.
You can take a look.
It seems that Joanne's commercial is very popular.
He's really good, right?
Just ordinary people
Yeah.
You have euphemisms
If you fall in love with another woman
It will definitely set off a big wave in the Rong family
It seems that I am still lucky
Anyone who likes it can pursue it boldly
Pursue this kind of woman
Just saluting the Rong family
You are the blind man of the Rong family
As long as you don't object
Who would be ashamed?
second brother
Why did you help Joanne make such a good promo video?
I don't really want him to be my second sister-in-law, do I?
I am pursuing him.
I did it.
He is your son.
Dragon brother, I think
The second brother just wants to play with him
What do you think?
Nothing to do with me
Gates is now this woman going back to the hotel